README.md, before:

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
	Catppuccin for <a href="https://remnote.com">Remnote (WIP)</a>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/remnote/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/catppuccin/remnote?colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/remnote/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/catppuccin/remnote?colorA=363a4f&colorB=f5a97f&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/remnote/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/catppuccin/remnote?colorA=363a4f&colorB=a6da95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/sample.png"/>
</p>

## Usage

1. Open Remnote (either the Desktop-, Mobile App or Website)
2. Search for a new Note with the name `Custom CSS`
3. Click on `Add Blank CSS Block`
4. Paste the code from your desired Flavour into the block
   1. [🌻 Latte](themes/latte.css)
   2. [🪴 Frappé](themes/frappe.css)
   3. [🌺 Macchiato](thenes/macchiato.css)
   4. [🌿 Mocha](themes/mocha.css)



## 💝 Thanks to

- [justTOBBI](https://github.com/justTOBBI)
- [colderinit](https://github.com/colderinit)

&nbsp;

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" />
</p>

<p align="center">
	Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a>
</p>

Commit message:

fix: broken links docs: added escape hatch message

README.md, after:

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
	Catppuccin for <a href="https://remnote.com">Remnote (WIP)</a>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/remnote/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/catppuccin/remnote?colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/remnote/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/catppuccin/remnote?colorA=363a4f&colorB=f5a97f&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/remnote/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/catppuccin/remnote?colorA=363a4f&colorB=a6da95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/sample.png"/>
</p>

## Usage

1. Open Remnote (either the Desktop-, Mobile App or Website)
2. Search for a new Note with the name `Custom CSS`
3. Click on `Add Blank CSS Block`
4. Paste the code from your desired Flavour into the block
    1. [🌻 Latte](latte/theme.css)
    2. [🪴 Frappé](frapp%C3%A9/theme.css)
    3. [🌺 Macchiato](macchiato/theme.css)
    4. [🌿 Mocha](mocha/theme.css)

> If custom CSS is preventing the loading of remnote, visit <http://www.remnote.com/notes?disableCustomCSS> ([From CSS Docs](https://plugins.remnote.com/custom-css))

## 💝 Thanks to

-   [justTOBBI](https://github.com/justTOBBI)
-   [colderinit](https://github.com/colderinit)

&nbsp;

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" />
</p>

<p align="center">
	Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a>
</p>
